[docs] Explain that `id` field is required for multiple filters in `DataGridPro` (#2783)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/filtering/filtering.md

## Predefined filters

A filter is composed of three parts: the column to filter, the value to look for, and an operator (e.g. _contains_, _is before_, _is after_, etc.).

> On the `DataGridPro` with multiple filters, the `id` field is required on `filterModel.items`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the `DataGridPro`, the `id` field is required on `filterModel.items` when multiple filters are used.
```
